net: lib: nrf_cloud: allow runtime client id for coap (#16344)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

>   * Added:
> 
>     * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_client_id_runtime_set` function to set the device ID string if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_RUNTIME` Kconfig option is enabled.
> 
>   * Updated:
> 
>     * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_RUNTIME` Kconfig can now be used with CoAP and REST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_client_id_runtime_set` function to set the device ID string if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_RUNTIME` Kconfig option is enabled.

  * Updated the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_RUNTIME` Kconfig option to be available with CoAP and REST.
```
